1 bottle
Co-administration of efavirenz with medicinal products that alter gastric pH would not be expected to affect efavirenz absorption.
Lot
Digitalis glycosides: thiazide induced hypokalaemia or hypomagnaesemia favour the onset of digitalis-induced cardiac arrhythmias (see section 4.4);
Following intravenous administration of Cyanokit, significant binding to plasma proteins and low molecular weight physiological compounds occurs, to form various cobalamin-(III) complexes by replacing the hydroxo ligand.
Glass ball
Cancer pain (G3/ 4:
In clinical pharmacology studies, intravenous insulin glargine and human insulin have been shown to be equipotent when given at the same doses.
How to store Actraphane 7.
Apidra
B03XA
Nederland Amgen B. V.
This medicinal product contains lactose.
INSTRUCTIONS ON USE
The response after 6 months was similar to that seen with infliximab.
22 Metformin may exert its glucose-lowering effect via three mechanisms:
Hexal AG Industriestrasse 25 D-83607 Holzkirchen Germany
1 vial of 10 ml 5 vials of 10 ml
Long-term olanzapine treatment (up to 12 months) for recurrence prevention in patients with bipolar disorder was associated with an increase of ≥ 7% from baseline body weight in 39.9% of patients.
5.
- Very rare:
5.
13.
Film-coated tablet
SP Europe
Therefore, the combination of lithium and Irbesartan Hydrochlorothiazide BMS is not recommended (see section 4.4).
Primary aldosteronism:
Possible side effects 5.
CEPROTIN 500 IU Powder for solution for injection Human Protein C IV
The clinical significance of asymptomatic increases in serum amylase is unknown.
Moreover children treated with interferon alfa-2b experienced a reduced rate of growth and some cases of depression were observed.
31 Using other medicines Please tell your doctor, nurse or pharmacist if you are using or have recently used any other medicines, including medicines obtained without a prescription.
Pfizer Limited Sandwich Kent, CT13 9NJ, United Kingdom
Adjusted treatment
Furthermore, there is an increased background lymphoma risk in rheumatoid arthritis patients with long-standing, highly active, inflammatory
treat asthma),
30 2.
It must also be remembered that insulin protamine crystals dissolve in an acid pH range.
D Pull off the big outer needle cap and keep it for later.
Since, the pharmacokinetics of rufinamide are not altered in the elderly (see Section 5.2), dosage adjustment is not required in patients over 65 years of age.
Epistaxis (G3/ 4:
Otherwise, the liquid may leak out which can cause inaccurate dosing.
Film-coated tablet
7.
6.4 Special precautions for storage
 Blood and lymph disorders:
Raloxifene has no effect on the pharmacokinetics of methylprednisolone given as a single dose.
Film-coated tablet.
vial (glass)
The effectiveness of TORISEL has been studied in one main study involving 626 patients who had advanced renal cell carcinoma and a poor prognosis.
Vascular disorders
Before you inject Kineret you must do the following:
4.3 Contraindications
Magyarország Roche (Magyarország) Kft.
M Inactivated Bordetella pertussis strain**
9.
LIST OF EXCIPIENTS
Career to date:
Taking Doxastad 4 mg prolonged release tablets and associated names with food and drink Doxastad 4 mg prolonged release tablets and associated names can be taken with or after food.
Tel: + 420 2 22 00 11 11 gsk. czmail@gsk. com
Taking other medicines Please inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines, even those not prescribed.
1.
Since Apidra is a solution, it does not require resuspension before use.
Batch:
How to Store Tygacil 6.
phosphate 7H2O, zinc oxide and water for injection.
Important adverse reactions Myelosuppression: treatment with dasatinib is associated with anaemia, neutropenia and thrombocytopenia.
Do not pass it on to others.
Helicobacter Test INFAI for children of the age 3-11 45 mg powder for oral solution 13 C-Urea Oral use
Studies in animals have shown reproductive toxicity (see section 5.3).
23/ 07/ 2007
- Pre-existing thyroid disease unless it can be controlled with conventional treatment.
Leucocytosis White blood cell counts of 100 x 109/ l or greater have been observed in less than 5% of patients receiving filgrastim at doses above 0.3 MU/ kg/ day (3 μ g/ kg/ day).
Results from published data in other primary organ transplantation< Invented name > has evolved into an accepted treatment as primary immunosuppressive medicinal product following pancreas, lung and intestinal transplantation.
The maximum total duration of treatment with FORSTEO should be 24 months (see section 4.4).
Nephrolithiasis, including flank pain with or without haematuria (including microscopic haematuria), has been reported in approximately 10% (252/ 2,577) of patients receiving CRIXIVAN in clinical trials at the recommended dose compared to 2.2% in the control arms.
As Combivir contains lamivudine and zidovudine, any interactions that have been identified with these agents individually may occur with Combivir.
4.
Rotation Cycle 2:
What Sebivo contains
3.
Infusion rate for 75 kg patient ml/ h Concentrations of rFVIII solution 100 IU/ ml 200 IU/ ml 400 IU/ ml
Date of first authorisation:
14.
4.6 Pregnancy and lactation
17.
8.
Actraphane 20 NovoLet
STADA Arzneimittel AG Stadastrasse 2-18 61118 Bad Vilbel Germany
DATE OF REVISION OF THE TEXT
J. E.
S R. O.
Dizziness, fatigue and somnolence are common side effects which may impair your ability to drive and use machines.
17 5.3 Preclinical safety data
457 Insulin treatment can cause the body to produce antibodies to insulin (substances that act against insulin).
Cattle
Blister (Alu/ Alu)
The data for the paediatric population are limited (one study only for reversal of rocuronium induced blockade at reappearance of T2).
Very rarely, there is also temporary irritation at the application site.
Specific clinical interaction studies with colesevelam and vitamin K have not been performed.
Rectal use
Parkinson's disease The use of olanzapine in the treatment of dopamine agonist associated psychosis in patients with Parkinson's disease is not recommended.
5.
Alternative method of administration:
4.7 Effects on ability to drive and use machines
Common:
Severe infections and mixed infections with Gram-positive and anaerobic pathogens Ciprofloxacin monotherapy is not suited for treatment of severe infections and infections that might be due to Gram-positive or anaerobic pathogens.
Common: abdominal pain, diarrhoea, dyspepsia, nausea, vomiting Post-marketing experience: pancreatitis
EU/ 1/ 04/ 292/ 012
IntronA is administered subcutaneously at a dose of 3 million IU three times a week (every other day) to adult patients, whether administered as monotherapy or in combination with ribavirin.
Destruction of sebaceous cells, focal epidermal necrosis with a transient acute inflammation and diffuse reactive changes in the keratinocytes as well as transient secondary oedema and inflammation of dermis are observed.
France Laboratoire GlaxoSmithKline Tél.: + 33 (0)1 39 17 84 44 diam@gsk. com
The texts of these and other provisions are available in the For matters concerning medicinal products for veterinary use
Amgen Europe B. V.
50 ml
45 mg
Cardiac disorders Common:
- H. influenza and M. catarrhalis ≤ 0.5 µg/ ml for susceptible, > 0.5 µg/ ml for resistant.
Malta A.M.Mangion Ltd.
DOSAGE FOR EACH SPECIES, ROUTE(S) AND METHOD OF ADMINISTRATION
Read the package leaflet before use.
Not applicable.
0.15
Oral use
900 IU/ 1.5 ml
hypoesthesia, dysgeusia, migraine, narcolepsy
5 ml
3/ 42
Urogenital system:
For 1,000 birds, reconstitute the lyophilisate pellet corresponding to 1,000 doses into 3 to 5 ml of non chlorinated drinking water and subsequently dilute it into the volume of non chlorinated drinking water to be consumed within one to two hours.
For any information about this medicine, please contact the local representative of the Marketing Authorisation Holder.
Excipients
A list of questions was adopted the same day and sent to the applicant, by which the procedure clock was stopped.
Carcinogenicity studies, and standard assessments of fertility and postnatal toxicity, were not performed with Enbrel due to the development of neutralising antibodies in rodents.
Very rare: hypertensive crisis.
ed Gastrointestinal disorders
Lipid alterations should be managed as clinically appropriate, particularly in dyslipidemic patients and in patients with risk factors for the development of lipids disorders.
salaries interim and other support persons other staff-related expenditure total title 1
This helps to protect against equine influenza.
pulmonary disease, bronchial asthma, renal or endocrine disease, or history of peptic ulcer disease or of convulsions.
You should make sure that you use the medication chamber with the red latch for the 2.5 micrograms dose or the medication chamber with the purple latch for the 5 micrograms dose.
Common
Rare:
In rat and monkey repeated-dose toxicity studies up to 9-months duration, the primary target organ effects were identified in the gastrointestinal tract (emesis and diarrhoea in monkeys), adrenal gland (cortical congestion and/ or haemorrhage in rats and monkeys, with necrosis followed by fibrosis in rats), haemolymphopoietic system (bone morrow hypocelularity, and lymphoid depletion of thymus, spleen, and lymph node), exocrine pancreas (acinar cell degranulation with single cell necrosis), salivary gland (acinar hypertrophy), bone joint (growth plate thickening), uterus (atrophy) and ovaries (decreased follicular development).
Nederland Novartis Pharma B. V.
If these levels are found to be significantly elevated (> 5 times ULN), treatment should be stopped. − If muscular symptoms are severe and cause daily discomfort, even if the CPK levels are elevated to ≤ 5 x ULN, treatment discontinuation should be considered. − If symptoms resolve and CPK levels return to normal, then re-introduction of atorvastatin or introduction of an alternative statin may be considered at the lowest dose and with close monitoring. − Atorvastatin must be discontinued if clinically significant elevation of CPK levels (> 10 x ULN) occur, or if rhabdomyolysis is diagnosed or suspected.
Tel: + 420 221 016 111
Very rare:
There is insufficient evidence of the efficacy of Enbrel in patients with ankylosing spondylitis-like and arthritis mutilans psoriatic arthropathies due to the small number of patients studied.
14.
3.
Hepatic insufficiency In patients with mild to moderate hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh A and B), the clearance of vardenafil was reduced in proportion to the degree of hepatic impairment.
Symptoms of overdose include: nausea, vomiting, seizures, heart problems (like irregular heart beat and cardiac arrest), lung problems and change in mental condition ranging from agitation to coma.
Somatropin has effects that are equivalent to human growth hormone of pituitary origin.
In the case of severe renal insufficiency, Azomyr should be used with caution (see section 5.2).
Pseudomonas aeruginosa* Pseudomonas fluorescens Serratia marcescens* Anaerobic micro-organisms Peptostreptococcus spp.
4.
In haemodialysed patients, a bolus injection may be given during the dialysis session through a suitable venous port in the dialysis line.
Viramune 200 mg tablets nevirapine
● Remove the needle guard without touching the needle and keep the syringe with the needle in your hand. ● Insert the needle through the rubber top of the Pegasys vial (3).
KOGENATE Bayer has no influence on the ability to drive or to use machines.
MARKETING AUTHORISATION NUMBER(S)
Tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following:
- have a tendency to hypoglycaemia,
Whether the neurological disorders are transient or permanent is currently unknown.
74 MBq/ ml
Each tablet contains 100 mg losartan potassium.
13.
• Human Medicines Unit
Keep out of the reach and sight of children.
POSSIBLE SIDE EFFECTS
In a non-comparative trial, 235 patients with genotype 1 and low viral load (< 600,000 IU/ml) received PegIntron, 1.5 microgram/kg subcutaneously, once weekly, in combination with weight adjusted ribavirin.
Clarityn-S
Despite this, when medicinal products prepared from human blood or plasma are administered, the possibility of transmitting infectious agents cannot be totally excluded.
PHARMACEUTICAL FORM AND CONTENTS
141 What REYATAZ looks like and contents of the pack
In all women with a uterus at baseline, histologically benign endometrial polyps were reported in 34 of 2,302 (1.5%) FABLYN-treated women versus 18 of 2,309 (0.8%) placebo-treated women.
EU/ 1/ 07/ 431/ 018 EU/ 1/ 07/ 431/ 022 EU/ 1/ 07/ 431/ 023
In most cases you will need a doctor.
Not known:
Ísland Vistor hf.
If you are not confident about recognising your warning symptoms, avoid situations (such as driving a car) in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia.
DO NOT ADMINSTER INTRAVENOUSLY OR SUBCUTANEOUSLY.
OTHER
European Medicines Agency
Two of the studies recruited patients who were being treated with chemotherapy.
If any of these occur, even for a short period of time, seek medical attention immediately (See section 2, take special care with INVEGA).
% Patients HBV DNA negative by PCR
In vitro studies indicate that A771726 inhibits cytochrome P4502C9 (CYP2C9) activity.
•
Mania As with all antidepressants, paroxetine should be used with caution in patients with a history of mania.
United Kingdom Pfizer Limited Tel: +44 (0)1737 331111
The dose should not be increased if hypoglycaemia occurred within these days.
Myoclonus Convulsions
Keep the blister in the outer carton.
In older children receiving a single dose of vaccine, a higher rate of local reactions has been observed than that previously described in infancy.
Insulin requirements usually fall during the first trimester and increase during the second and third trimesters.
However, the concurrent administration of dairy products or mineral-fortified drinks alone (e. g. milk, yoghurt, calcium-fortified orange juice) with ciprofloxacin should be avoided because absorption of ciprofloxacin may be reduced.
Driving and using machines Januvia is not expected to interfere with your ability to drive or to use machines.
Please tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines, including medicines obtained without a prescription.
Tablet core:
There is no experience in children or adolescents with GIST.
1.
EU/ 1/ 06/ 368/ 073
Ireland Abbott Laboratories, Ireland, Ltd 4051 Kingswood Drive Citywest Business Campus IRL– Dublin 24, Tel: + 353 (0) 1 469-1500
6.4 Special precautions for storage
Blood and lymphatic systems disorders Uncommon:
High increases in plasma methionine levels in a range from 1,000 to 3,000 µM were noted in these patients.
Common:
Route of administration
NeoRecormon therapy is started by a doctor who is an expert on your condition.
Clinical benefit in terms of thrombohaemorrhagic events has not been convincingly demonstrated.
2 blister cards of 3 pipettes
PHARMACOLOGICAL PROPERTIES
The Committee has established a working group of experts, chaired by Professor Christian Friis, to examine ways of addressing the issue.
Keep out of the reach and sight of children.
number 8, in Section 4 of this user manual.
Allergic reactions associated with Enbrel administration have been reported commonly.
EVICEL forms a clear film over the area of application.
Doses up to 10.5 times the intended dose have been reported.
Live attenuated virus vaccines
15.
Via Fleming 2 37135 Verona Italy
if their symptoms are the same as yours.
Pregnancy and lactation (See section 4.3 “ Contraindications” and section 4.6 “ Pregnancy and lactation”).
00-minute-value Sampling time:
6.2 Incompatibilities
5.1 Pharmacodynamic properties
In patients with solid tumours or lymphoproliferative malignancies, if the haemoglobin value exceeds 12 g/ dl (7.5 mmol/ l), the dosage adaptation described in section 4.2 should be closely respected, in order to minimise the potential risk of thromboembolic events.
EXPIRY DATE
hypercalcaemia
Delegates to the SRWP are now being asked to commit actual review plans for each substance assigned to them and will be expected to work within this time frame.
14.5
Gastrointestinal disorders Renal
PACKAGE LEAFLET
Grootslag 1-5, NL-3991 RA, Houten The Netherlands
Pharmacologic group: other antipsychotics ATC code:
If this continues for a long time, it can damage the blood vessels of the brain, heart and kidneys, and may result in a stroke, heart failure, heart attack or kidney failure.
Bortezomib causes reduction of tumour growth in vivo in many preclinical tumour models, including multiple myeloma.
The non-clinical safety profile of dasatinib was assessed in a battery of in vitro and in vivo studies in mice, rats, monkeys, and rabbits.
Absolute oral bioavailability relative to intravenous administration has not been determined
2.
45%
6.5 Nature and contents of container
issues including biological threats, and transparency and communication expectations of citizens and interested parties
SPECIAL PRECAUTIONS FOR DISPOSAL OF UNUSED MEDICINAL PRODUCTS
Allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash, itching, swelling of face or lips or tongue, difficulty breathing, low blood pressure (feeling of faintness, light-headedness).
In two insulin- comparator controlled trials (n=475) comparable efficacy and adverse events were observed in BYETTA-treated patients regardless of antibody titre.
Immediately take about 10 to 20 g sugar, such as glucose, sugar cubes or a sugar-sweetened beverage.
Hungary
Hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients.
If a patient responds poorly to therapy with Rebif, and has neutralising antibodies, the treating physician should reassess the benefit/ risk ratio of continued Rebif therapy.
Very rarely:
If your level of calcium falls too low, you may have to be given supplemental calcium by infusion.
- tell you when you may need to inject a higher or lower dose of Insuman Comb 50.
28 Date of first authorisation:19 April 2002 Date of last renewal:
NAME OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT AND ROUTE OF ADMINISTRATION
- Visual disturbance
Powder:
You cannot set a dose larger than the number of units left in the cartridge.
Glucose concentrations decreased in some healthy volunteers when glipizide was co- administered with posaconazole.
Other possible side effects:
Food slightly reduces the bioavailability of telmisartan with a reduction in the area under the plasma concentration time curve (AUC) of about 6% with the 40 mg tablet and about 19% after a 160 mg dose.
(43-1) 713 86 14
SPECIAL STORAGE CONDITIONS
ferritin should be at least 100 ng/ ml.
Amlodipine The amlodipine component of Dafiro inhibits the transmembrane entry of calcium ions into cardiac and vascular smooth muscle.
Do not use the reconstituted vaccine if you notice any particulate matter or if the appearance of the solvent or powder or of the reconstituted vaccine differs from that described above.
If the rise in haemoglobin is greater than 2 g/ dl (1.25 mmol/ l) in 4 weeks, the dose should be reduced by 25 to 50%.
17.
Dogs
Estonia
Capsules, hard
España sanofi-aventis, S.A.
5.
Musculoskeletal, connective tissue and bone disorders: weakness, muscle spasm
Hepatic impairment - Fondaparinux pharmacokinetics has not been evaluated in hepatic impairment.
Generally, these symptoms are mild to moderate; however, in some patients they may be severe in intensity.
Therefore, check with your doctor or pharmacist about drinking alcoholic beverages, or taking sleeping pills, sedatives or strong pain medications.
An increased incidence of non-fatal MI and stroke was seen in females in the irbesartan-based regimen versus the amlodipine-based regimen, while hospitalization due to heart failure was reduced in the overall population.
10.
The first injection is given at one month of age in animals that have never been exposed to the disease, and at two-and-a- half months if the animal’ s mother is already immune to the disease.
The effect of ritonavir on rifampicin is not known.
5.
[To be completed nationally]
If the haemoglobin continues to increase, the dose should be reduced by approximately 25%.
The other ingredients are:
- one human insulin preparation to another,
4.8 Undesirable effects
Omnitrope 5 mg/ ml powder and solvent for solution for injection Somatropin Subcutaneous use
Advocate Spot-on solution for Large Dogs
No special requirements.
Treatment of homozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia as an adjunct to diet and other lipid- lowering treatments (e. g.
BACKGROUND INFORMATION
You may need to read it again. – If you have any further questions, ask your doctor, diabetes nurse or your pharmacist. – This medicine has been prescribed for you.
Patients should be advised not to breast feed if they are taking aripiprazole.
2.
Pure Red Cell Aplasia caused by anti-erythropoietin antibodies has been reported in association with ESAs.
On the combination arm, there were 4 (2%) progressions in the central nervous system as compared with the 13 (6%) progressions on the capecitabine alone arm.
No dosage adjustment is necessary in patients with renal impairment whose renal creatinine clearance is ≥ 30 ml/ min (see sections 4.3 and 4.4).
2.
In combination with capecitabine, for patients 60 years of age or more, a starting dose reduction of capecitabine to 75% is recommended (see capecitabine summary of product characteristics).
100 D-60318 Frankfurt/Main Germany.
Food does not affect the Tmax of rasagiline, although Cmax and exposure (AUC) are decreased by approximately 60% and 20%, respectively, when the medicinal product is taken with a high fat meal.
37%
Never recap a needle.
Furthermore Fertavid can be used to promote multiple follicular development in medically assisted reproduction programs [e. g. in vitro fertilisation/ embryo transfer (IVF/ ET), gamete intra- fallopian transfer (GIFT) and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI)].
2.
IntronA has been classified as recombinant interferon alfa-2b.
How to store Humalog BASAL 6.
313 (56.6%)*
Oral use.
In particular, no residues of the cell line used for the production are detectable at the concentrations of the active ingredient that are used in humans.
Not all pack sizes may be marketed.
For animal treatment only.
QUADRAMET was effective in providing pain relief from osteoblastic bone metastases, and, where it was compared with placebo, more effective than placebo.
Probenecid interferes with renal secretion of ciprofloxacin.
Pack of 1 or 6 syringes.
Hypersensitivity to the active substance or to any of the excipients.
Jean Louis Calderon, nr.
Overall, the safety and efficacy profiles for BID and TID dosing regimens were similar.
Thus, CYP450 expression may be reversed when potent cytokine inhibitory therapy, such as tocilizumab, is introduced.
The antiviral activity of telbivudine is specific to the hepatitis B virus and related hepadnaviruses.
Ear and labyrinth disorders
Portugal
Nonresponders to prior therapy with pegylated interferon alpha/ ribavirin were less likely to achieve a Week ` 12 response to retreatment than nonresponders to nonpegylated interferon alpha/ ribavirin (12.4% vs.
Detailed information on this product is available on the website of the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) http: / /www. emea. europa. eu/.
Rebif a) interferon beta-1a b)
Patients at increased risk should be followed closely (see also section 4.6).
EU/ 1/ 01/ 183/ 011 1 pre-filled syringe EU/ 1/ 01/ 183/ 013 10 pre-filled syringes
0.18 mg pramipexole equivalent to pramipexole dihydrochloride monohydrate 0.25 mg
29% (29/ 101) 41% (21/ 51) 16% (8/ 50)
Using other medicines Viraferon will add to the effects of substances that slow down your nervous system, possibly causing rod
Patients should be informed that dizziness has been reported during treatment with regimens containing REYATAZ (see section 4.8).
Peripheral neuropathy was the cause of paclitaxel discontinuation in a few cases.
ed given (see section 4.8).
Distribution Active metabolite binding to human serum albumin (4% buffered solution) was 98%.
Powder for oral suspension and reconstituted suspension:
LIPOCARD
AUC) of tacrolimus from Protopic is approximately 30-fold less than that seen with oral immunosuppressive doses in kidney and liver transplant patients.
Lantus is a long-acting insulin.
Table 1:
N05CH01 Short term treatment of insomnia
Renal elimination of agalsidase beta is considered to be a minor pathway for clearance.
Rusham Park Technical Centre, Whitehall Lane, Egham, Surrey TW20 9NW United Kingdom
32/ 41
135 61 Αγ.
6 weeks when used or carried as a spare (below 30°C).
Less than 1% of the parent drug is recovered in faeces.
Lithium: reversible increases in serum lithium concentrations and toxicity have been reported during concomitant administration of lithium with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors.
Pneumonia, increased body temperature, lethargy, erythema, visual hallucinations and urinary incontinence were observed commonly.
(two different species of fungi).
1.
Lamictal
The potential for drug interactions at the P-gp site will likely depend on the degree of inhibition of this transporter.
The oral lyophilisates are available in the following pack sizes:
1 1.
Oral use Oral use Oral use Oral use
0.80 ml
4.8 Undesirable effects
BEFORE YOU TAKE MYCOPHENOLATE MOFETIL TEVA
2350
Gelatin Black iron oxide (E172) Titanium dioxide (E171)
- Take PREZISTA always together with ritonavir.
Store in the original package in order to protect from light.
is below 50 percent of normal.
Auricular use
Blister (PVC/ alu)
Nucleoside naïve patients: the recommended dose is 0.5 mg once daily, with or without food.
Renal and urinary disorders:
Tel: +421 2 5542 5439
Sponsor
Intramuscular and subcutaneous use The contents of the vial should be used immediately after piercing of the rubber stopper.
5.3 Preclinical safety data na
EMEA/CPMP/BPWG/575/99
Effervescent tablet
cancer, gout, or arthritis, and vitamin D supplements.
Very rarely (less than 1 in 10000 patients) abnormal blood clottings (blood clots in blood vessels) have been seen to occur with similar medicines, so this could possibly occur with GONAL-f / hCG therapy or GONAL-f / lutropin alfa/ hCG therapy.
Disturbed sensation.
The time course of action of any insulin may vary considerably in different individuals or at different times in the same individual.
Diarrhoea
Zyrtec Lithuania:
France Laboratoires Merck Sharp & Dohme – Chibret Tél: +33 (0) 1 47 54 87 00 contact@msd-france.com
Aluminium foil laminated sachet containing 40 g or 400 g.
Ranexa should not be used in patients treated with CYP3A4 inducers (e. g. rifampicin, phenytoin, phenobarbital, carbamazepine, St.
- glucagon (pancreas hormone used to treat severe hypoglycaemia),
8.
In the first active-controlled trial, serious adverse events occurred at a frequency of 6% in 415 patients treated with Enbrel compared with 8% of 217 methotrexate-treated patients.
4.4 Special warnings and precautions for use
Within its shelf-life, the solution may be stored at or below 25°C for up to 30 days without being refrigerated again during this period.
Dose adjustment in order to maintain haemoglobin values at the desired level:
Therefore the physician must confirm that such patients are not immunocompromised before starting treatment with TYSABRI.
Using other medicines
Due to the nature of this disease process, OPTRUMA is intended for long term use.
The patient should drink this test solution immediately.
QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE COMPOSITION
These parameters were consistent with dose linear pharmacokinetics over a wide dose range (0.5 to 8 µg/ kg weekly and 3 to 9 µg/ kg every two weeks).
315
17 10.
16.5 (159/966) 13.4, 19.5
The needle must remain under the skin for at least 6 seconds.
Disodium phosphate anhydrous, Sodium dihydrogen phosphate monohydrate, Edetate disodium,
Co-administration of valdecoxib and lithium produced significant decreases in lithium serum clearance (25%) and renal clearance (30%) with a 34% higher serum exposure compared to lithium alone.
Common: asthenia Uncommon: flushing, fever/ shiver, paleness Rare: low body temperature in elderly
0.7 2.4
(Also see ribavirin SPC if Viraferon is to be administered in combination with ribavirin in patients with chronic hepatitis C). rod
You can take Pritor with or without food.
16.
Do not use Binocrit:
If you have diabetic retinopathy and your blood glucose levels improve very fast, the retinopathy may get worse.
PHARMACEUTICAL FORM AND CONTENTS
After reconstitution with 10 ml of Water for Injection each ml contains 2 mg of Drotrecogin alfa (activated).
In vitro data tend to suggest that the continuation of lamivudine in anti-retroviral regimen despite the development of M184V might provide residual anti-retroviral activity (likely through impaired viral fitness).
CALCIUM-SANDOZ® FORTE 500mg
EXPIRY DATE
NAME OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT
- Lactose
Hypertriglyceridemia and aggravation of hypertriglyceridemia, sometimes severe, have been observed.
Not known:
Then the injection button should be held down 10 seconds before withdrawing the needle from the skin.
You are advised to follow the recommendations for skin and foot care that you are given by your doctor or nurse.
Read the package leaflet before use.
Rare:
A treatment cycle comprises 28 days.
Stavudine 200 mg The reconstituted solution contains 1 mg of stavudine per ml.
INFORMATION IN BRAILLE
You must tell your doctor if you think that you are (or might become) pregnant.
Lactation
669 España sanofi-aventis, S.A.
GENERAL CLASSIFICATION FOR SUPPLY
Orodispersible tablet Oral use
Tel: +420 233 086 111
STATEMENT OF ACTIVE SUBSTANCE
Absolute oral bioavailability relative to intravenous administration has not been determined.
The medicine can only be obtained with a prescription.
NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER
2 mg
Lipid disorders should be managed as clinically appropriate (see section 4.8).
4.
Like all medicines, Ziagen can cause side effects, although not everybody gets them.
The target maximum dose is 160 mg twice daily.
CHAPTER 3 Inspections
Not all pack sizes may be marketed.
Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Anaemia (FACT-An) general scale, FACT-An fatigue scale, and Cancer Linear Analogue Scale (CLAS).
Their occurrence is more frequent in patients with advanced phase CML or Ph+ ALL than in chronic phase CML (see section 4.4).
European Medicines Agency
Cutaneous use
Thrombocytopaenia
NeoRecormon should be administered either subcutaneously or intravenously in order to increase
Interferon alfa-2b has been shown to be an abortifacient in primates.
Τηλ.: +30 2 10 75 17 981
In addition, insulins have several anabolic and anti-catabolic actions on a variety of different tissues.
Medicinal product subject to medical prescription.
Psychosis, hallucination
1.
Iron status should be evaluated prior to and during treatment and iron supplementation administered if necessary.
Produced in yeast cells (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) by recombinant DNA technology 4 Adsorbed on aluminium phosphate
In case of larger volumes, more than one site should be chosen for the injection.
Patrick LE COURTOIS
BATCH NUMBER
You normally should be able to recognise when your blood sugar is falling too much so that you can take the right actions.
15.
Your doctor will check for these symptoms regularly (see also Possible side effects).
Number of tablets
How long to take Glivec Take Glivec daily until your doctor tells you to stop.
ed 3.
81%) and Keyhole Limpet Haemocyanin (KLH) neoantigen (4% vs.
Many medicines affect the way glucose works in your body and they may influence your insulin dose.
NovoNorm helps the pancreas to produce more insulin at mealtimes and is used to control type 2 diabetes.
You should contact your doctor for advice on driving if: − you have frequent episodes of hypoglycaemia, − the first warning symptoms which help you to recognise hypoglycaemia are reduced or absent.
668 2.8
40 mg
6.
POSSIBLE SIDE EFFECTS
20 6.
Orthostatic hypotension
5.7%; Infection associated including sepsis and with G4 neutropenia pneumonia, fatal in (G3/ 4:
One tailed continuity-corrected chi-square test
Eosinophilia
Τηλ: + 30 210 6074300
DO NOT insert the needle at an angle, this may cause the needle to bend and/ or prevent proper addition of the solvent into the vial (see Diagram 6).
Studies in animals have shown reproductive toxicity (see section 5.3).
97 PARTICULARS TO APPEAR ON THE OUTER PACKAGING
3 square inches).
1 pre-filled syringe with needleguard + 1 alcohol pad
Paediatric population The experience in adolescents (ages 13 to 17 years) is limited to short term efficacy data in schizophrenia (6 weeks) and mania associated with bipolar I disorder (3 weeks), involving less than 200 adolescents.
4.
10.
NAME OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT
When the pre-filled pen is empty you cannot use it again.
BATCH NUMBER
Hunton House Highbridge Business Park, Oxford Road Uxbridge - Middlesex UB8 1HU - United Kingdom
In healthy young adults, ranolazine accounts for approximately 13% of the radioactivity in plasma following a single oral 500 mg dose of [14C]-ranolazine.
[To be completed nationally]
Aciclovir: higher aciclovir plasma concentrations were observed when mycophenolate mofetil was administered with aciclovir in comparison to the administration of aciclovir alone.
4.
Document manage- ment and publishing
In children, as in adults, Invirase should only be given in combination with ritonavir.
The pharmacokinetics of NovoMix 50 has not been investigated in elderly, children or patients with impaired renal or liver function.
Bottle
It is only used in patients whose disease is getting worse following previous treatment including an anthracycline and a taxane (other types of anticancer medicine), and following treatment of their metastatic disease with trastuzumab (another anticancer medicine).
NAME OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT
Janssen Pharmaceutica N. V.
Strength
57.0 (147/258) 49.0, 64.9
6.
7.
Portugal Roche Farmacêutica Química, Lda Tel: +351 - 21 425 70 00
70 Latvija Roche Latvija SIA Tel: +371 - 7 039831
5.
Women may require higher doses than men, while men show an increasing IGF-I sensitivity over time.
Emtricitabine is phosphorylated by cellular enzymes to form emtricitabine 5'-triphosphate, which competitively inhibits HIV-1 reverse transcriptase, resulting in DNA chain termination.
• Gilead Science
The glucodynamic response to insulin lispro is not affected by renal or hepatic function impairment.
42 In patients treated with docetaxel in combination with cisplatin and 5-fluorouracil (TCF), febrile neutropenia and neutropenic infection occurred at lower rates when patients received prophylactic G-CSF.
Use appropriate aseptic technique during the preparation of Xigris for intravenous administration.
6.3 Shelf life
This corresponds to a strength of 100 IU/ ml.
65 Other interactions Interactions between atazanavir/ ritonavir and protease inhibitors, antiretroviral agents other than protease inhibitors, and other non-antiretroviral medicinal products are listed in the tables below (increase is indicated as “↑”, decrease as “↓”, no change as “↔”, twice daily as “ BID” and once daily as “ QD”).
The vial contains a 6% overage.
levels and the AUC of mirtazapine by approximately 40% and 50% respectively.
These symptoms would be expected to be reversible and to subside without the need for treatment.
6.
16.
Pharmaceutical
The injection button must be held out under tension during this check.
Appropriate antihypertensive drug must usually replace Irbesartan BMS before starting a pregnancy.
{Name and Address} {tel} {fax} {e-mail}
PPP ITT
Both hypoglycaemia and hyperglycaemia, which can occur in inadequately controlled diabetes therapy, increase the risk of malformations and death in utero.
The acute toxicity was studied following subcutaneous administration in rats.
EU/1/99/107/004
• Treatment of Symptomatic Heart Failure.
Subsequently, fentanyl is redistributed between the deep tissue compartment (muscle and fat) and the plasma.
Mirtazapine
TESAVEL is a member of a class of oral anti-hyperglycaemic agents called dipeptidyl peptidase 4 (DPP-4) inhibitors.
150 IU/ amp.
25 mg
4 blister cards of 14 film-coated tablets in PVC/ PVDC/ Aluminium blisters.
To help manage your diabetes, it is important that you follow any diet and lifestyle advice from your doctor as well as taking Avaglim.
Gently invert the bag 2-3 times.
Nervous system disorders Very rare - Peripheral neuropathy Fast improvement in blood glucose control may be associated with a condition termed “ acute painful neuropathy”, which is usually reversible.
LABELLING AND PACKAGE LEAFLET
--1
- sudden worsening of kidney function in patients with chronic kidney problems
See package leaflet.
Marketing Authorisation Holder and Manufacturer Liprolog Mix25 100 U/ml Pen, suspension for injection is made by: • Lilly France S.A.S., Rue du Colonel Lilly, 67640 Fegersheim, France, • Eli Lilly Italia S.p.A., Via A.
Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders:
Patients should be aware of circumstances where warning symptoms of hypoglycaemia are diminished.
EU/ 1/ 02/ 240/ 001
3 ml
IntronA was administered at a dose of 3 MIU 3 times a week as monotherapy or in combination with ribavirin.
However, the reported rate of serious skin events appears to be greater for valdecoxib (the active metabolite of parecoxib) as compared to other COX-2 selective inhibitors.
Intravenous route
Activated charcoal may be useful in the treatment of overdose.
Further in this leaflet it tells you
For relapsing-remitting MS, efficacy has been demonstrated for therapy for the first two years.
Keep out of the reach and sight of children.
TROPOS involved 5,091 postmenopausal women with osteoporosis (low femoral neck BMD and prevalent fracture in more than half of them) and a mean age of 77 years.
OTHER SPECIAL WARNING(S), IF NECESSARY
The patient’ s ability to concentrate and react may be impaired as a result of hypoglycaemia.
≥ 106,3 and ≤ 108,3 CFU/ dose B. bronchiseptica
Higher doses contain 1 mmol of sodium or more, which have to be taken into consideration if you are or your child is on a controlled sodium diet.
5.2 Pharmacokinetic properties
MARKETING AUTHORISATION NUMBER(S)
47
The safety and efficacy of MIRCERA therapy has not been established in patients with haemoglobinopathies, seizures, bleeding or a recent history of bleeding requiring transfusions or with platelet levels greater than 500 x 109/ l.
1 ml
In eight patients receiving 40 mg twice daily in the fasted state, steady-state AUC0-12h was 1284±227 ng⋅ h/ ml (18%) (mean ± SD [% CV]), Cmax was 536±146 ng/ ml (27%), and Cmin was 9±8 ng/ ml (89%).
In such cases, the loss of renal function remains within the expected range of the natural progression of disease.
12.
Following oral administration of radiolabelled pioglitazone to man, recovered label was mainly in faeces (55%) and a lesser amount in urine (45%).
19 (25%)
Sverige
Severe symptoms are heavy breathing and a rapid pulse.
The vaccine should not be mixed in the same syringe with any other vaccines and solutions.
Intercurrent illness requires intensified metabolic monitoring.
If you are not confident about recognising your warning symptoms, avoid situations (such as driving a car) in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia.
with updated instructions and training materials,
Waarderweg 39 P. O. Box 581 2003 PC HAARLEM the Netherlands
France Laboratoires Takeda Tél: +33 (0)1 46 25 16 16
• Diarrhoea may develop while you are taking antibiotics, including Ciprofloxacin Bayer, or even several weeks after you have stopped taking them.
8.
since this dosage adjustment might be insufficient in some patients.
To be supplied only on veterinary prescription.
Severe CNS effects, particularly depression, suicidal ideation and attempted suicide have been observed in some patients during Pegasys therapy, and even after treatment discontinuation mainly during the 6-month follow-up period.
Insulin lispro maintains more rapid absorption and elimination when compared to soluble human insulin in patients with hepatic impairment.
Substantial decrease in lopinavir exposure.
31 1.
Common problems of diabetes
Vaginal Candida infection
- you drink alcohol, particularly if you are not eating much,
METHOD AND ROUTE OF ADMINISTRATION
(see sections 4.7 and 4.8).
- Keep this leaflet.
Mean VASPI score at end of initial titration in mm (SD)
Other interactions: co-administration of probenecid with mycophenolate mofetil in monkeys raises plasma AUC of MPAG by 3-fold.
Co-administration with a high-fat meal did not affect the AUC of atazanavir relative to fasting conditions and the Cmax was within 11% of fasting values.
5 pens
Common:
In addition, 303 patients received interferon alfa-2b (3 million International Units [MIU] three times a week) as a comparator.
96.2,99.9).
As maintenance treatment, the recommended dose is 10 million IU/m2 administered subcutaneously three days a week (every other day) for 48 weeks.
When the increase in ALT levels is progressive and clinically significant, despite dose reduction, or is accompanied by increased direct bilirubin, therapy should be discontinued (see sections 4.2 and 4.8).
Once the therapeutic objective for an individual patient has been achieved, the dose should be reduced by 25 to 50% in order to maintain haemoglobin at that level.
Several controlled clinical studies in which epoetins were administered to patients with a variety of common tumours including squamous head and neck cancer, lung cancer, and breast cancer, have shown an unexplained excess mortality.
Nevirapine is readily absorbed (> 90%) after oral administration in healthy volunteers and in adults with HIV-1 infection.
NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER
Marketing authorisation holder and manufacturer:
How to remove a used patch
Required IU = body weight (kg) x desired factor VIII rise (% of normal) x 0.5
53 MOM Park B 3 HU-1123 Budapest +36-1-457-8500
Keep out of the reach and sight of children.
Mydriasis Visual disturbance
This is produced by recombinant DNA technology, using a Chinese hamster ovary cell line transfected with the human FSH subunit genes.
EU/ 1/ 01/ 185/ 052 1 pack EU/ 1/ 01/ 185/ 064 4 pack
Please check section 6.4 for instructions on how to store SoloStar.
When prescribing medicinal products concomitantly with STOCRIN, physicians should refer to the corresponding Summary of Product Characteristics.
6.
These side effects are marked with an asterisk (*).
Tel: +351 21 35 89 400
Your doctor may recommend that you take paracetamol if you develop these symptoms.
What was Cerepro expected to be used for?
CHMP/ 187488/ 2004
Blood and Lymphatic System Disorders
These adverse drug reactions are expected based on the pharmacology of anagrelide (inhibition of PDE III).
Nateglinide-induced insulin secretion by pancreatic beta cells is glucose-sensitive, such that less insulin is secreted as glucose levels fall.
Gastrointestinal disorders
treat asthma),
Österreich BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB GESMBH Tel: + 43 1 60 14 30
In this study, mean (SD) terminal half-life was 74 (SD 27) hours.
Treatment of overdose with efavirenz should consist of general supportive measures, including monitoring of vital signs and observation of the patient ’ s clinical status.
In the subset of patients with genotype 1 infection and low viral load (< 600,000 IU/ml) who become HCV-RNA negative at treatment week 4 and remain HCV-RNA negative at week 24, the treatment could either be stopped after this 24 week treatment course or pursued for an additional 24 weeks (i.e. overall 48 weeks treatment duration).
NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER
Do not shake the vial!
glycogenolysis;
What benefit has Nobilis Influenza H5N6 shown during the studies?
Hypertensive patients with left ventricular hypertrophy In a controlled clinical trial in hypertensive patients with left ventricular hypertrophy the following adverse events were reported:
13.
In cases of moderate hepatic insufficiency (cirrhosis, Child-Pugh Class A or B), the starting dose should be 5 mg and only increased with caution.
There is thus the potential of drug interactions mediated by inhibition of transporters.
1 mg/ 1 ml
B.
Read the package leaflet before use.
© EMEA 1998 Reproduction and/ or distribution of this document is authorised for non commercial purposes only provided the EMEA is acknowledged 2.
had surgery on the upper part of the gut (called the duodenum).
- Quality issues
Erythropoietin is a growth factor that primarily stimulates red cell production.
Sími: +354 540 8000 ISmail@merck. com
12.
7.
12 (4)
Patients who discontinue immunosuppressants prior to or during Remicade treatment are at greater risk of developing these antibodies.
Pharmacotherapeutic group:
10.
Do not use Actrapid after the expiry date which is stated on the label and the carton.
If necessary, pregnancy testing should be undertaken (see Section 4.6).
GSK Commercial Sp. z.o.o.
If severe OHSS occurs, gonadotrophin treatment should be stopped if still ongoing, the patient hospitalised and specific therapy for OHSS started.
- Fluconazole (used to treat fungal infections)
Denerval
John Wyeth & Brother Limited, Huntercombe Lane South, Taplow, Maidenhead, Berkshire SL6 0PH United Kingdom
(See also section 5.3).
Patients hypersensitive to Insulin Human Winthrop Comb 15 for whom no better tolerated preparation is available must only continue treatment under close medical supervision and – where necessary – in conjunction with anti-allergic treatment.
Do not share it with anyone else. • If your injection is given by another person, special caution must be taken by this person to avoid accidental needle injury and transmission of infection. • Never use SoloStar if it is damaged or if you are not sure that it is working properly. • Always have a spare SoloStar in case your SoloStar is lost or damaged.
In patients with mild to moderate hepatic impairment without cholestasis, the maximum recommended dose is 80 mg valsartan.
PHARMACEUTICAL PARTICULARS
4.7 Effects on ability to drive and use machines
SPECIAL PRECAUTIONS FOR DISPOSAL OF UNUSED MEDICINAL PRODUCTS OR WASTE MATERIALS DERIVED FROM SUCH MEDICINAL PRODUCTS, IF APPROPRIATE
Stomatitis:
Musculoskeletal, connective tissue and bone disorders
This dose may be adjusted as your treatment progresses.
CONDITIONS OR RESTRICTIONS OF THE MARKETING AUTHORISATION WITH REGARD TO THE SAFE AND EFFECTIVE USE OF THE PRODUCT
Aliskiren is mainly eliminated as unchanged compound in the faeces (78%).
Calcium folinate 20 mg/ m² by bolus i. v. injection or 200 to 500 mg/ m² as i. v. infusion over a period of 2 hours immediately followed by 425 or 370 mg/ m² 5-fluorouracil as i. v. bolus injection during five consecutive days.
These life-threatening reactions can be avoided by temporary withdrawal of ACE inhibitor therapy.
Dose related asymptomatic prolongations in PR interval with REYATAZ have been observed in clinical studies.
difference
DATE OF FIRST AUTHORISATION/ RENEWAL OF THE AUTHORISATION
30 Use of filgrastim in patients, children or adults, with SCN (severe congenital, cyclic, and idiopathic neutropenia) induces a sustained increase in absolute neutrophil counts in peripheral blood and a reduction of infection and related events.
14 ANNEX II
- If you have received an organ transplant, either kidney or liver, interferon treatment may increase
NAME OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT
UAB Merck Sharp & Dohme, Gelež inio Vilko 18A, LT- 01112 Vilnius Lithuania
The active substance is telmisartan.
After dilution, the medicinal product should be used immediately within 24 hours.
Sorafenib had no effect on the pharmacokinetics of gemcitabine or oxaliplatin.
In vitro results indicate that different CYP isoforms are able to catalyse the N-dealkylation of rotigotine.
4.
NAME OF THE VETERINARY MEDICINAL PRODUCT
Urinary
EU Number
4.3 Contraindications
Renal impairment:
Administer once daily at the same time every day, for up to 6 days according to the table below.
Insulin suspensions should not be used if they do not appear uniformly white and cloudy after resuspension.
Deutschland RIEMSER Arzneimittel AG An der Wiek 7 D- 17493 Greifswald – Insel Riems Tel: + 49 (0) 38351/ 76-0
Blister
Oral contraceptives, thiazides, glucocorticoids, thyroid hormones, sympathomimetics and danazol.
- Underactive thyroid gland which can cause tiredness or weight gain
The absorption is not affected by food.
14% (3-25) 5% (0-13)
Autoimmune disease:
unit dose perforated blister (alu/ alu)
B03XA01
For full list of excipients, see section 6.1.
Cystagon 50 mg
(N=701)
75 IU (150 IU/ ml) recombinant follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) activity.
14 - 28 - 56 - 98 tablets:
Urine levels of interferon were below the detection limit following each of the three routes of administration.
In this leaflet:
METHOD AND ROUTE(S) OF ADMINISTRATION
- against feline viral rhinotracheitis to reduce clinical signs,
NAME OF THE MEDICINAL PRODUCT
Good manufacturing practice:
Measles virus1 Enders’ Edmonston strain (live, attenuated)......... not less than 1x103 CCID50* Mumps virus1 Jeryl Lynn™ [Level B] strain (live, attenuated).... not less than 12.5x103 CCID50* Rubella virus2 Wistar RA 27/ 3 strain (live, attenuated)............... not less than 1x103 CCID50*
If you need help in planning the best times to take your medicine, ask your doctor or pharmacist.
- possible new health risks in the countries to be visited,
1 dose Solvent:
0.028
If you are taking levodopa, the dose of levodopa is recommended to be reduced when you start treatment with SIFROL.
Safety of combination not established; combination not recommended.
How to take MicardisPlus 4.
Do not sell separately.
SPECIAL PRECAUTIONS FOR THE DISPOSAL OF UNUSED PRODUCT OR WASTE MATERIALS, IF ANY
EXP
Gastrointestinal disorders
Treatment of high tumour burden follicular lymphoma as adjunct to appropriate combination induction chemotherapy such as a CHOP-like regimen.
1 pre-filled syringe contains 3000 IU Epoetin zeta
Five hundred and sixty one patients had a duration of voriconazole therapy of greater than 12 weeks, with 136 patients receiving voriconazole for over 6 months.
EUROPEAN PUBLIC ASSESSMENT REPORT (EPAR)
OTHER
SPECIAL STORAGE CONDITIONS
5.
Paediatric Use:
At the recommended dosage of 10 - 12 mg/ kg bodyweight lung lesions and weight loss are reduced, but infection with Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae is not eliminated.
Only needles
5 mg ceftiofur/kg body weight (1 ml / 20 kg body weight) Shake bottle vigorously It is recommended to limit injection volumes to a maximum of 4 ml.
Factors that should be considered in this assessment should include the type of tumour and its stage; the degree of anaemia; life- expectancy; the environment in which the patient is being treated; and patient preference (see section 5.1)
4.
In patients with diabetes mellitus optimised glycaemic control delays the onset of late diabetic complications.
Toxicity
Therefore, in addition to those laboratory tests normally required for monitoring patients with MS, complete and differential white blood cell counts, platelet counts, and blood chemistry, including liver function tests, are recommended during AVONEX therapy.
As above As above As above As above
6.2 Incompatibilities
Aliskiren should be used with caution in patients with serious congestive heart failure (New York Heart Association [NYHA] functional class III-IV).
Marketing Authorisation Holder and Manufacturer
47% 27% 47%
OTHER SPECIAL WARNING(S), IF NECESSARY
Store in a refrigerator (2°C – 8°C).
Elidel
The prevalence of acquired resistance may vary geographically and with time for selected species and local information on resistance is desirable, particularly when treating severe infections.
cartridge (glass)
Package size
Driving and using machines It is not known if Remicade affects the ability to drive or use machines.
Discard the solution if any particulate matter or discolouration is observed.
In case of insufficient feed intake, animals should be treated parenterally.
16.
Tlf: + 47 22 70 20 00 firmapost@gsk.no
BEFORE YOU USE INTANZA
Marketing Authorisation Holder and Manufacturer Sanofi-Aventis Deutschland GmbH D-65926 Frankfurt am Main Germany
- anhydrous lactose
The mechanism of this risk is not known.
Patients with antibodies to r-hα GAL have a greater potential to experience infusion-associated reactions (IARs), which are defined as any related adverse event occurring on the infusion day.
53 (12.0%)
Rare:
INVIRASE 500 mg film-coated tablets.
For a full list of excipients, see section 6.1.
SACHET LABEL - WEEK 3
Each dose of 2 ml contains:
10.
seven days • if you are taking another type of medicine (see ‘Taking other medicines’). • if you have kidney or liver disease
Slovenská republika UCB s.r.o.
Each coated tablet contains 242 mg lactose monohydrate
Before you take Velmetia 3.
Light-red, flat-faced, round, speckled tablets, one side branded with “ K”
- the soluble insulin part precipitates out at a pH of approximately 4.5 to 6.5.
THE WORDS “ KEEP OUT OF THE REACH AND SIGHT OF CHILDREN”
5
- flushing
8.
38 10.
Due date for the follow-up measure or for the first interim report if a precise date cannot be committed to.
16.
40 µg / ml + 5 mg/ ml
Insulin may cause sodium retention and oedema, particularly if previously poor metabolic control is improved by intensified insulin therapy.
In the case of pronounced hypotension, active cardiovascular support may be required.
Virological response in previously untreated paediatric patients
Sími: +354 535 70 00 Italia Bayer S. p. A.
For the treatment of subclinical mastitis in lactating cows due to Gram-positive cocci susceptible to pirlimycin including staphylococcal organisms such as Staphylococcus aureus, both penicillinase-positive and penicillinase-negative, and coagulase-negative staphylococci; streptococcal organisms including Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus dysgalactiae, and Streptococcus uberis.
EXPIRY DATE
Patients should be monitored carefully for dose-related adverse reactions, especially nervous system symptoms (see sections 4.3 and 4.4).
3.
Oral contraeptives, thiazides, glucocorticoids, thyroid hormones and beta-sympathomimetics, growth hormone and danazol.
The following other side effects (not listed above) have occurred with the combination of ViraferonPeg and ribavirin capsules (adults) in HCV/HIV co-infected patients receiving HAART: oral candidiasis (oral thrush), defective metabolism of fat, CD4 lymphocytes decreased, appetite decreased, back pain, hepatitis, limb pain, and various laboratory blood values abnormalities.
5.
For insulin human, no clinical data on exposed pregnancies are available.
The volume of distribution for irbesartan is 53-93 litres.
Daily treatment at doses of 20 and 30 mg/ kg for one year in frequently transfused adult and paediatric patients with beta-thalassaemia led to reductions in indicators of total body iron; liver iron concentration was reduced by about -0.4 and -8.9 mg Fe/ g liver (biopsy dry weight (dw)) on average, respectively, and serum ferritin was reduced by about -36 and -926 µg/ l on average, respectively.
Dental and gum disorders, which may lead to loss of teeth, have been reported in patients receiving Pegasys and ribavirin combination therapy.
Don’ t take any insulin if you feel a hypo coming on.
Though total mortality was similar in the two groups at five years, in a fifteen-year cumulative follow-up there were 11% fewer deaths in the nicotinic acid group compared to the placebo cohort.
How has Exforge been studied?
Batch
BATCH NUMBER
Close medical supervision and monitoring should continue until the patient recovers.
If rash occurs with feeling sick, you must stop treatment and visit your doctor immediately.
3.
It is not known whether adalimumab is excreted in human milk or absorbed systemically after ingestion.
IntronA, 30 million IU/pen, solution for injection:
Capsule shell:
Subcutaneous use
INFORMATION IN BRAILLE
No dosage adjustment is necessary for either medicinal product.
Puregon is indicated for the treatment of female infertility in the following clinical situations: • Anovulation (including polycystic ovarian disease, PCOD) in women who have been unresponsive to treatment with clomifene citrate. • Controlled ovarian hyperstimulation to induce the development of multiple follicles in medically assisted reproduction programs [e. g. in vitro fertilisation/ embryo transfer (IVF/ ET), gamete intra-fallopian transfer (GIFT) and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI)].
Do not put Insulin Human Winthrop Rapid next to the freezer compartment or a freezer pack.
Long-term olanzapine treatment (up to 12 months) for recurrence prevention in patients with bipolar disorder was associated with an increase of ≥ 7% from baseline body weight in 39.9% of patients.
France sanofi-aventis France Tél:
Gastrointestinal perforation have been reported in clinical trials with an incidence of less than 1% in patients with metastatic breast cancer or non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer, and in up to 2.0% in metastatic colorectal cancer patients.
Some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention.
hyperglycaemic conditions, diabetes mellitus, hyperkalaemia
Excipients:
Patients co-infected with hepatitis C and treated with alpha interferon and ribavirin may constitute a special risk.
Treatment with Aranesp should be temporarily discontinued if haemoglobin levels exceed 13 g/ dl (8.1 mmol/ l).
2500 doses
The study looked at how many women who were originally uninfected with HPV types 16 and 18 went on to develop precancerous lesions in the cervix linked to infection with these types of HPV.
1 bottle 1 bottle 1 bottle 28 tablets 56 tablets 112 tablets 49 x 1 tablets 100 x 1 tablets 1000 tablets (20 x 50 tablets)
Clear, colourless solution.
Lot:
- In your brain
weekly or once every other week pediatric dose of Nespo (µg/ week) can be determined by dividing the total weekly dose of r-HuEPO (IU/ week) by 240.
associated with various common cancers who received recombinant human erythropoietin compared ed
Cardiac
EXPIRY DATE
Insulin requirements may decrease during the first trimester and generally increase during the second and third trimesters.
There was also a small increase in fasting blood glucose and in total cholesterol in duloxetine-treated patients while those laboratory tests showed a slight decrease in the routine care group.
Shelf-life after first opening the immediate packaging:
1/ 1
The marketing authorisation holder should continue to submit yearly periodic safety update (PSUR) reports.
Part of a box containing 300 ampoules with 2 ml.
In patients not on dialysis, once the target haemoglobin has been achieved with once every two week dosing, Nespo may be administered ro
LYRICA 150 mg hard capsules Pregabalin
Topics discussed included the scope of dialogue and proposals for improved transparency in the communication from the working party to the public on herbal related matters.
65/40 LT-08124 Vilnius Tel. + 370 52 101868
Most of the above mentioned effects appear to be due to the pharmacological activity of irbesartan (blockade of angiotensin-II-induced inhibition of renin release, with stimulation of the renin-producing cells) and occur also with angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors.
23 May 2005
Single-use vial for intravitreal use only.
KGAA Tel: + 49 89 121 42-0
< [See Annex I- to be completed nationally] >
Long-term carcinogenicity studies have not been carried out.
Adverse reactions from post-marketing surveillance Additional adverse reactions reported during post-marketing surveillance are listed below.
9 Effectiveness More than 400 million doses of the previous formulation of the measles, mumps, and rubella vaccine manufactured by Merck & Co., Inc. have been distributed worldwide (1978 to 2003).
16.
8.
Patients with hepatic impairment No adjustments of the starting dose nor of the dose modification rules are required in patients with hepatic impairment (see section 5.2).
Sandoz GmbH, Biochemiestr.
Eyes disorders
Detailed information on this medicine is available on the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) web site: http://www.emea.europa.eu/.
If you have a cough, fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor. o tn
Following this she worked for a short-term contract at the European Commission (DG XI) and then in industry at Pfizer (formerly SmithKline Beecham Animal Health) as a regulatory affairs manager.
11.
QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE COMPOSITION
(44-20) 74 18 84 00 Fax (44-20) 74 18 84 16 E-mail: mail@emea. europa. eu http: / /www. emea. europa. eu ©EMEA 2007 Reproduction and/ or distribution of this document is authorised for non commercial purposes only provided the EMEA is acknowledged In patients receiving chemotherapy or with kidney problems, anaemia can be caused by a lack of erythropoietin, or by the body not responding enough to the erythropoietin it has naturally.
The adjuvant includes also polysorbate 80 and sorbitan trioleate in a citrate buffer.
15.
The clinical relevance of these observations remains to be confirmed.
Summary of Product Characteristics, section 4.2)
8.8
s
– Store powder and solvent below 25°C. – Store powder and solvent protected from light. – Do not freeze to prevent damage to the solvent vial. – For storage conditions of the reconstituted medicinal product, see section 6.3.
Note:
Always carry some sugar (at least 20 grams) with you.
EU/ 1/ 01/ 171/ 007-8
5.2 Pharmacokinetics
A free airway should be established.
Danmark Lautrupbjerg 2 DK-2750 Ballerup Tlf: + 45-44 39 50 00
Different injectable vaccines should always be administered at different injection sites.
WHAT DIACOMIT IS AND WHAT IT IS USED FOR
16.
♦ Very common (side effects which may occur in more than 1 per 10 doses of vaccine): • pain or discomfort at the injection site • redness or swelling at the injection site • headache • aching muscles, muscle tenderness or weakness (not caused by exercise) • tiredness
Potassium sparing diuretics or potassium supplements:
Pharmacotherapeutic group:
5.
6 mg/ 24h
12.
Idiosyncratic infusion related reactions 13.7% of patients treated with Replagal in clinical trials have experienced idiosyncratic infusion related reactions.
If you are injecting this medicine yourself, you will be instructed how to give the injection.
At the clinical dose the contrast agent has no T2-effect, and pre- and post- T2-weighted images are equivalent.
LYRICA belongs to a group of medicines used to treat epilepsy, neuropathic pain and Generalised Anxiety Disorder (GAD).
EXPIRY DATE
Flexicam must not be administered in conjunction with other NSAIDS or glucocorticosteroids.
As with all insulin preparations, the duration of action of Liprolog is dependent on dose, site of injection, blood supply, temperature, and physical activity.
hypotension
Read the package leaflet before use.
Tel.: +48-22-572 35 00 Portugal Bayer Portugal S. A.
Keep this leaflet.
It is believed that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body’s immune response, enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms.
P450 does not play a major role in the metabolism of abacavir, and abacavir does not inhibit metabolism mediated by CYP 3A4.
Combination therapy with ribavirin:
PHARMACOLOGICAL PROPERTIES
GENERAL CLASSIFICATION FOR SUPPLY
România Novartis Pharma Services Inc.
After resuspension, the fluid must have a uniformly milky appearance.
6.3 Shelf life
The PFS analysis was conducted at 342 events in 769 patients.
Oral use.
Aclasta is given as a single infusion into a vein by a doctor or nurse.
Store in a refrigerator (2°C - 8°C).
Simulect has been assessed in three main studies involving a total of 1,067 adults who were having a kidney transplant.
Take a suitable in-line filter and connect it to the application set.
This may constitute a risk in situations where these abilities are of special importance (e. g. driving a car or operating machinery).
Arava is contraindicated in pregnancy (see section 4.3).
General disorders and administration site conditions
6.2 Incompatibilities
Micturition frequency, urine abnormal
Clinical experience has shown that therapy with paroxetine is not associated with impairment of cognitive or psychomotor function.
4.
POSSIBLE SIDE EFFECTS
1.2% (-2.3% to 6.7%) 0.5% (-7.0% to 9.3%)
In responding to hypoxia, the natural hormone erythropoietin interacts with erythroid progenitor cells to increase red cell production.
Careful monitoring of glucose control, as well as general health, is essential in pregnant patients with diabetes.
resistant patients (n/ N) a
METHOD AND ROUTES OF ADMINISTRATION
MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER
Since celecoxib is predominantly metabolised by CYP2C9 it should be used at half the recommended dose in patients receiving fluconazole.
EPAR summary for the public
Biograstim
POSSIBLE SIDE EFFECTS
Patients born SGA
The decrease in AUC, Cmax, and Cmin was not mitigated when an increased dose of REYATAZ/ ritonavir (400/ 100 mg once daily) was temporally separated from omeprazole by 12 hours.
After reconstitution: the product may be stored for a maximum of 24 hours at 2°C to 8°C.
SUMMARY OF PRODUCT CHARACTERISTICS
Always take Pegasys as your doctor has told you.
SPECIAL PRECAUTIONS FOR DISPOSAL OF UNUSED MEDICINAL PRODUCTS OR WASTE MATERIALS DERIVED FROM SUCH MEDICINAL PRODUCTS, IF APPROPRIATE
TOVIAZ 4 mg 1 prolonged-release tablet contains 4 mg fesoterodine fumarate, equivalent to 3.1 mg of fesoterodine.
141 Patients with existence of or history of severe psychiatric conditions:
6 FURTHER INFORMATION What Doxagamma 4 mg prolonged release tablets and associated names contains
6.
This decrease in atazanavir Cmin might negatively impact the efficacy of atazanavir. ** based on historical comparison
STATEMENT OF ACTIVE SUBSTANCE(S)
73 1.
105,000
Dose of NORVIR (mg)
Patients with hepatic impairment
No clinically significant pharmacokinetic interaction was observed between sirolimus and any of the following substances: acyclovir, atorvastatin, digoxin, glibenclamide, methylprednisolone, nifedipine, prednisolone, and trimethoprim/ sulphamethoxazole.
In premature or newborn babies, because it contains benzyl alcohol.
Pritor 20 mg tablets
123 PARTICULARS TO APPEAR ON THE OUTER PACKAGING
In order to assess the risk for plants the PECsoil initial for both grassland and arable land was compared with the PNEC for plants of 45 µg/ kg.
Slowly inject the diluent, aiming the stream of liquid at the glass wall of the vial in order to avoid production of air bubbles.
Magyarország GE Healthcare (South Central Europe) Handels GmbH Representative Office Hungary Akron u.
Retreated patients who fail to achieve virological response at Week 12 are unlikely to become sustained virological responders after 48 weeks of therapy (see also section 5.1).
ori with ribavirin in patients with chronic hepatitis C.
Alopecia; Nail disorders (no severe) Anorexia (G3/ 4:
Methotrexate should be continued during treatment with Trudexa.
Dizziness, headache, paraesthesia Cardiac disorders Uncommon:
Table 2- Monotherapy Dosing
NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE MARKETING AUTHORISATION HOLDER AND OF THE MANUFACTURING AUTHORISATION HOLDER RESPONSIBLE FOR BATCH RELEASE, IF DIFFERENT
Pharmacotherapeutic group:
Metabolic and nutritional disorders
Reconstitution results in a solution with a concentration of 1.5 mg/ ml to be further diluted with sodium chloride 9 mg/ ml (0.9%).
In adults and adolescents, the most common side effects are fatigue (tiredness; 1.2%), dry mouth (0.8%) and headache (0.6%).
You should not be given this medicine when breast-feeding, as small amounts of olanzapine can pass into breast milk.
Ribavirin therapy is contraindicated in women who are pregnant.
Spain
Before you take Lisonorm 3.
Celsentri 150 mg
There was a 3-fold increase in CVAE in patients treated with olanzapine compared to patients treated with placebo (1.3% vs.
Therefore if any blood samples are taken from a patient, this should be done at least 16 hours after the most recent FORSTEO injection.
Administration of paliperidone prolonged-release tablets with a standard high-fat/ high-caloric meal increases Cmax and AUC of paliperidone by up to 50-60% compared with administration in the fasting state.
Detailed information on this product is available on the website of the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) http: / /www. emea. europa. eu
Rarely human normal immunoglobulins may cause a sudden fall in blood pressure and, in isolated cases, anaphylactic shock, even when the patient has shown no hypersensitivity to previous administration.
The mean maximum decreases in supine systolic blood pressure following 20 mg and 40 mg vardenafil were – 6.9 mmHg under 20 mg and – 4.3 mmHg under 40 mg of vardeanfil, when compared to placebo.
Cork, Ireland
a) 19.11.1996 b) 25.4.1997 c) OJ L 110, 26.4.1997
71 10.
EU/1/05/327/018
If you use more Lantus than you should
- This medicine has been prescribed for you.
4.
Potassium elevation has been reported in a few patients receiving Aranesp, though causality has not been established.
2/ 24
Taking other medicines Please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines, including medicines obtained without a prescription.
Constraints on the EU general budget mean that the EMEA will be increasingly required to rely on fees for its income.
Viraferon is administered subcutaneously at a dose of 3 million IU three times a week (every other day) to adult patients, whether administered as monotherapy or in combination with ribavirin.
France Pfizer Tél: +33 (0)1 58 07 34 40
Pfizer Italia S. r. l.
Administration For subcutaneous use.
6.3 Shelf life
10 mg
52 10.
A poor response to the vaccine, possibly without achieving protection against hepatitis A, has been observed in obese people.
20mg
Tell your pharmacist if you notice any change in the appearance of Azomyr oral lyophilisate.
Treatment of men:
5 medical history of an abnormal liver test have experienced an exacerbation of abnormal liver test while on TYSABRI.
Hepatobiliary disorders
2.
Liprolog may be given shortly before meals.
