Alcoholic hepatitis is the acute deterioration of alcoholic liver disease with rapid onset or worsening of jaundice, which in severe cases, may transition to acute-on-chronic liver failure with extremely high short-term mortality, increasing with the number and severity of hepatic and extra-hepatic organ dysfunction.
Diagnosis and treatment are insufficient and challenging, especially due to the complex, multi-factorial and as yet not fully understood pathogenesis.
While current management is limited to steroids and best supportive care, debate is ongoing concerning liver transplantation for selected patients, and several novel approaches are under way with mixed results.
These drawbacks in disease management together with increasing prevalence in Germany, and generally in Western countries, constitute an unmet need for the healthcare systems.
This review tries to summarize the current status of these aspects and provides an overview for pathogenesis, management and potential future treatments.
To investigate reduction of radiation exposure in unenhanced CT in suspicion of renal calculi using a tin-filtered high tube voltage protocol compared to a standard low-dose protocol without spectral shaping.
A phantom study using 7 human renal calculi was performed to test both protocols.
120 consecutive unenhanced CT examinations performed due to suspicion of renal calculi were included in this retrospective, monocentric study.
60 examinations were included with the standard-dose protocol (SP) (100 kV/130 mAs), whereas another 60 studies were included using a low-dose protocol (LD) applying spectral shaping with tin filtration of high tube voltages (Sn150 kV/80 mAs).
Image quality was assessed by two radiologists in consensus blinded to technical parameters using an equidistant Likert scale ranging from 1-5 with 5 being the highest score.
Quantitative image quality was assessed using regions of interest in abdominal organs, muscles, and adipose tissue to analyze image noise and signal-to-noise ratios (SNR).
Commercially available dosimetry software was used to determine and compare effective dose (ED) and size-specific dose estimates (SSDEmean).
All seven renal calculi of the phantom could be detected with both protocols.
There was no difference regarding calcluli size between the two protocols except for the smallest one.
The smallest concretion measured 1.5 mm in LD and 1.0 mm in SP (ground truth 1.5 mm).
CTDIvol was 3.36 mGy in LD (DLP: 119.3 mGycm) and 8.27 mGy in SP (DLP: 293.6 mGycm).
The mean patient age in SP was 47 ± 17 years and in LD 49 ± 13 years.
Ureterolithiasis was found in 33 cases in SP and 32 cases in LD.
The median concretion size was 3 mm in SP and 4 mm in LD.
The median ED in LD was 1.3 mSv (interquartile range (IQR) 0.3 mSv) compared to 2.3 mSv (IQR 0.9 mSv) in SP (p < 0.001).
The SSDEmean of LD was also significantly lower compared to SP with 2.4 mGy (IQR 0.4 mGy) vs. 4.8 mGy (IQR 2.3 mGy) (p < 0.001).
The SNR was significantly lower in LD compared to SP (p < 0.001).
However, there was no significant difference between SP and LD regarding the qualitative assessment of image quality with a median of 4 (IQR 1) for both groups (p = 0.648).
Tin-filtered unenhanced abdominal CT for the detection of renal calculi using high tube voltages leads to a significant reduction of radiation exposure and yields high diagnostic image quality without a significant difference compared to the institution's standard of care low-dose protocol without tin filtration.
· Tin-filtered CT for the detection of renal calculi significantly reduces radiation dose.. · The application of tin filtration provides comparable diagnostic image quality to that of SP protocols.. · An increase in image noise does not hamper diagnostic image quality.. · Gassenmaier S, Winkelmann MT, Magnus J et al. Low-Dose CT for Renal Calculi Detection Using Spectral Shaping of High Tube Voltage.
Fortschr Röntgenstr 2022; DOI: 10.1055/a-1752-0472.
Mastocytosis is a clonal hematopoietic disorder characterized by proliferation of abnormal mast cells in various organs including the skin, digestive system, lymph nodes, and bone marrow.
We report on a 75-year-old woman presenting with abdominal pain, vomiting, diarrhoea, myalgia, and weight loss.
Abdominal CT showed hepatosplenomegaly with heterogeneous splenic parenchyma, lymphadenopathy, and osteopenia with areas of osteosclerosis but no primary tumour.
An <sup>18</sup>F-FDG PET/CT revealed an overall low metabolic activity of the lesions with a diffuse bone marrow involvement raising suspicion of a haematological neoplasm.
Subsequently, bone marrow and peripheral blood examinations confirmed the diagnosis of aggressive systemic mastocytosis.
Osteogenesis imperfecta (OI) is a genetic disease characterized by fragile bones and variable short stature.
We performed a retrospective cohort study to evaluate demographic data, clinical findings, growth and pubertal characteristics, and medical treatment of 83 OI patients.
83 (31 female/52 male) patients were enrolled in the study.
The median follow-up duration was 4.7 (0.6-17.7) years.
51 out of 83 patients (61.4%) received bisphosphonate therapy.
The median Z-score of the bone mineral density improved in patients with OI-I and OI-III with the treatment.
During follow-up, height-SDS significantly increased in both OI-I and OI-III on treatment; however, final adult height SDS of patients did not improve.
The frequency of overweight and obesity was found to be increased at the last evaluation compared to the admission.
The rate of precocious puberty (PP) and early puberty (EP) were 20 and 10% in girls, and they were 15.7 and 47.3% in boys, respectively.
Reduced growth, significant weight gain over time due to impaired mobility, and high frequency of PP/EP require effective interventions to improve mobility and functional parameters as early as possible in children with OI.
Patients from the general practice who had severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus type 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection between January 2020 and March 2021 participated in an online survey to report their symptoms.
This observational study describes the broad range of mild to moderate symptoms experienced by 160 symptom-based coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) nonhospitalized patients, including 89 laboratory-confirmed cases.
Compared to confirmed cases, a higher number of presumed and suspected patients had sore throat, shortness of breath, tightness in the chest, fatigue, or severe neck tension.
Unexpected COVID-19-associated clinical features, such as alteration of blood consistency, hormonal imbalance, increased muscle tone and/or aches of skeletal muscles, joint pain, or dermatological disorders were observed by the participants.
In the early period of the pandemic, COVID-19 diagnosis of patients was based on medical symptoms rather than polymerase chain reaction (PCR) or serological testing.
These real-world data are essential to understand the pathophysiology of this virus infection and to develop innovative therapeutic approaches.
Extensive exophytic pigmented viral plaques developed on a Chihuahua dog causing pruritus and discomfort.
Neither the medical treatments used nor a papillomavirus vaccine resulted in clinical improvement.
Laser surgery removed some plaques, yet others developed.
This case illustrates the difficulty in treating viral plaques and the progressive nature of this disease.
